if it's a couple more words I got on the
phone with her yeah hey you know you
want number one or number two or but
she's like we do it which you agree you
are you take care of that you're may you
figure out what we believe tonight would
you agree that you've had too much to
drink it's dry we are wont to change
them you tell me that it's eeveelution
well you know we all wanna change them
when you talk about destruction don't
you know that you can count me and you
know it's gonna be community policing
has emerged as the unquestioned solution
to the largely unexplored problem of why
police services the United States of
America are terrible or at least hated
and resented by Hughes and the
population if not terrible at least he
resented by a huge population community
policing is presumed to mean fewer
police at a lower cost delivering a
better results with lower crime
miraculously better outcomes and in this
strange unexamined sense community
suggests that the police are less like a
professional service less like a branch
of the military you might say and that
they're they're your friends and
neighbors they're they're people from
the community whatever that means and
this deep unexamined level people just
want to assume members of your own
community or wonderful people they're
not corrupt they're not bullying they're
not violent they're not oppressive
people from other communities are
corrupt and public and 500 president
local community policing that would
supposedly be some kind of wonderful
improvement the black lives matter
organization is calling for a national
defunding of the police but the
specifics look different in every city
for example black lives matter la has
proposed a budget that would cut police
funding for more than 50% of the total
city budget - just under six percent and
somehow whatever is wrong with policing
in the United States of America it's not
that it could be improved by having more
professionalism higher standards of
professionalism no no the solution
proposed by community policing is to
have more amateurs to have less
professionals to have more volunteerism
you might say which is a grand American
tradition going back to the revolution
no one seems to be cognizant of the
irony that what killed
ahmud armory was not highly professional
police services
it was volunteer amateur community
policing also known as vigilantism right
it was two members of his community who
stopped him because they saw him
entering and exiting a building that was
under construction they suspected he was
going to steal something they stopped
him to make us citizen's arrest these
are members of the community right and
they're the type of men who I think in
my subjective opinion the two men who
shot and killed almond Arbor I think
they're not fit to serve I think they're
not qualified I don't I think they don't
have the intelligence they don't have
the education that's just my opinion
open the honest with you the first time
I saw a photograph of the faces of the
two white men who shot and killed
amun-re I laughed
loud cuz to me from my prejudiced
highly-educated perspective they looked
like dumb ignorant rednecks and I
thought that just looking at a
photograph of their faces can we stop
and reflect on how unfair that is of me
I just don't seem to share the reckless
optimism of members of black lives
matter that if we take the power away
from highly professional police services
and hand it over to amateurs and
volunteers in the community that somehow
that'll mean a wonderful movement I
think on the contrary the slayings that
have led up to the protests of 2020
really serve to teach us the opposite
lesson and paradoxically as I'm about to
show in a few clips what happened in the
United States of America when one small
town in New Jersey Camden New Jersey
population seventy-five thousand when
they got on this ideological train of
defunding the police abolishing the
police what actually happened wasn't
that they created a new Police Service
that had lower costs and was closer to
the community had fewer police in the
street on the contrary listen for it
carefully what we're told is they had
three times as many cops in the street
and while they changed the name of their
Police Department if you just look at
the uniforms these guys are wearing the
fact that every single one of them has a
gun on his or her hip it's obvious that
the reality of policing in Camden New
Jersey has remained profoundly the same
another way a city could execute
sweeping overhauls in law enforcement is
to disband its police force and rebuild
it from scratch the strategy is rare but
there are a few examples Camden New
Jersey took this approach in 2012 after
crime levels hit record highs
seven years ago Camden County New Jersey
had some of the highest crime rates in
the nation and leaders say public trust
in police was almost zero so something
had a
change that's when county director Louis
Capelli jr. and others decided to start
over to rebuild their Police Department
from the ground up with mostly new
officers new policies and training and a
focus on community we now have three
times as many officers on the street
three times as many officers on the
street let's talk more about a growing
support of Minneapolis for dismantling
the city's police department following
the death of George Floyd this idea is
not a new one it's already happened in
New Jersey back in 2013
Camden did just that with a renewed
focus on community service
some Camden residents fear the good
press has gotten ahead of itself
longtime activist pastor Amir Khan and
Kevin Benson say when they disbanded the
city police and replaced it with county
cops the police force became more like
the Kansas City Police Department had
what the Camden County Police Department
has now it would be just as successful
and you wouldn't have had most of the
individuals coming from the outside
Kansas City police force was a lot of
community people it was black and brown
it was people who look like me but now
what you have is you have a new police
force which is majority white there's a
lot of resentment about the police being
taken over the residents did not want
that the only question is will the same
system that works for a community of
75,000 people work in Minneapolis nearly
a week after nine members of the
Minneapolis City Council made a drastic
pledge to take apart the police
department the council took its first
steps on Friday in a slow complicated
process that could eventually lead to
shifting funds from the city police but
that process will last for more than a
year and will require voters to actually
approve of removing the police
department from the city's core
departments patrisse cullors
co-founder of the black lives matter
movement said defunding the police means
reallocating those funds to support
people and services in marginalized
communities defunding law enforcement
quote means that we are reducing the
ability for law enforcement to have
resources that harm our communities
close quote
keep in mind three times as many police
on the streets three times as many
officers on the street three times as
many police on the streets colors said
an interview with WBUR
Boston's public radio station quote it's
about reinvesting those dollars into
black communities communities that have
been deeply divested from those dollars
can be put back into social services for
mental health domestic violence and
homelessness among others police are
often the first responders to all three
she said
if we're going to question who is and
who is not qualified in our society to
be a police officer and we should
profound and difficult set of questions
that don't lead to some easy one-word
answer like community the solution to
America's policing problems is not
community policing how could it be
shouldn't we also be questioning who
would be qualified to engage in this
kind of research and analysis who would
be qualified to really guide a process
of reform for how policing is done in
the United States America I think that
patrisse cullors
co-founder of black lives matter is in
no way qualified for this tremendously
difficult task colors was born in Los
Angeles California she grew up in a
low-income neighborhood in the San
Fernando Valley she became an activist
early in life
joining the bus riders union as a
teenager she later earned a degree in
religion and philosophy from UCLA pardon
me her degree was in religious studies
not philosophy she teaches at Otis
College of Art and Design in the public
practice program she also teaches the
masters arts and social justice
community organizing at Prescott College
in an interview colors has described
herself and Alicia Garza as quote
trained Marxists close quote in the 21st
century it's very easy to find quite a
lot of high-quality information about
the university program she has a product
of just a few years ago by the way she
was
mature student shall we say in UCLA
getting her bachelor's degree in
religious studies you get the full list
of courses and you can indeed pause to
reflect on how poorly a UCLA degree in
religious studies would prepare you to
guide the nation in reforming its police
services black lives matter la has
proposed a budget that would cut police
funding for more than 50% of the total
city budget to just under six percent
finally the most radical plan for police
reform involves abolishing the police
altogether similar to the defunding
approach most of the activists in this
camp are in favor of strengthening
social and community services in place
of law enforcement can you think of
other majors you could have studied at
university that would prepare you to
play this role can you think of other
types of research you you might have
done could you even think of some
processes like having elections or
voting on specific propositions and
referendums do you think there's a way
the public could be led through
examining the different options that
would be better than this woman emerging
as the leader associated with a catch
phrase black lives matter ultimately
that's all this hits this woman who's
emerged because her name is attached to
this catch phrase her being treated as
the expert on how precisely how now the
United States of America should
restructure its police services while
other cities boiled over here
the police chief marched with the
protesters our officers are Guardians
they're not worriers and Camden County
freeholder director Lewis Capelli says
the relative harmony between police and
community is a result of Camden taking a
radical step 7 years ago disbanding its
City Police tearing up union contracts
and replacing the department with a
larger County police force were focused
on neighborhood patrol the city laid off
its entire staff overhauled training to
emphasize community
we sang and rehired about 40% of
officers I heard two historians talking
just a few weeks ago about the history
of the Haitian Revolution this was the
revolution in Haiti that rose up to
abolish slavery and then thereafter had
to fight against the armies of Napoleon
for their independence and one historian
said to the other well isn't it true
that while this revolution is described
as a success the slaves rose up they
murdered the white slave owners they
established a new republic in two places
isn't it true on the other hand that
this story begins with these men and
women living in slavery being compelled
to labor on farms and it ends with them
being compelled to labor on exactly the
same farms that before they had a kind
of tyrannical tyrannical dictatorial
regime and now they just have a
different tyrannical dictatorial regime
and they're stuck and so isn't there a
sense in which really the revolution is
much less successful than we pretended
to be when viewed in these terms and the
other historian replied well no you're
presuming that the purpose the
revolution is just to change the form of
government if you will and know what
really matters here is that the
particular people who were in charge
were eliminated by the revolution to be
blunt they were massacred in this case
what really matters is not the question
of whether or not they work on farms or
whether or not there are democratic
elections or what-have-you what really
matters is that the revolution
accomplished the change in a particular
people who are in authority these slaves
although they were in a condition kind
of 80% the same as slavery after the
Revolution working on the same farms and
the same conditions and in worst poverty
because the revolution completely
destroyed the economies of poverty got
dramatically worse by the way um however
they had risen up and they had
eliminated the people who formerly
literally kept them in Chains literally
whipped them branded them tortured them
publicly executed them and horrifying
and humiliating kind of ceremonies they
had eliminated the particular generation
of people the particular generation of
landowners and slave owners who had been
oppressing them before are you just
trying to
change the particular people who happen
to be police or are you trying to
fundamentally change policing I think we
can look back at the short film clips of
your showing you this supposedly
transform police force in Camden New
Jersey and we can all agree these are
still police who very much dress and act
like military men it's really a military
uniform they're wearing they have a gun
on their hips at all times
in no sense is the role of the police
officer transformed by this process of
quote/unquote abolishing the police you
know the quote-unquote abolished the
police department meaning that on paper
the name of the police department was
rubbed out and a new name for a new
Police Department was written in what
they did succeed in changing apparently
they fired all of the police and then
hired back about 40% of them so maybe
60% of the police lost their jobs and
didn't get them back so there were some
particular people who were changed the
other thing mentioned their ever so
briefly they tripled the number of
police in the streets if you think
policing is oppressive then this new
model of community policing is more
oppressive contrary to the promise
quoted from black lives matter in Los
Angeles we're talking about a dramatic
decrease in the budgets for policing
we're talking about a dramatic increase
in the budgets of policing black lives
matter representatives who are sometimes
just people like myself the internet
talking on a camera I weren't
particularly appointed but they like to
say that mental health professionals
should be having many of these encounter
- reaching out to people instead of
police officers do you think
psychiatrists work cheap do you think
you'll have a smaller budget to have
psychiatrists available 24 hours a day
seven days a week do you think that
psychiatrists are morally pure people in
some sense that police are not in some
sense that your fellow community members
are not what is the assumption that
psychiatrists are good and upstanding
people I'll tell you something if I
bumped into and all
friend from high school someone I hadn't
seen for 20 years and he told me that he
had become a police officer and he was
working as a police officer right now my
opinion of him would increase my opinion
of the type of person he is ethically I
would I would just think oh I would
think he was a good person or I think he
was a better person than I had assumed
previously for my memory of him 20 years
earlier if I bump into the same friend
from high school who I haven't seen for
20 years and he told me that he's become
a psychiatrist he's become a bio
psychiatrist he's someone who hands out
prescriptions for antidepressants and so
on and so forth he's someone who maybe
gives people electroshock therapy or
talks them through their memories and
disorder my opinion of him would be
worse I would regard him with more
suspicion more hostility more distrust
just being honest with you guys I do not
think anyone who studied the history of
psychiatry just in the last 50 years in
many ways it's a terrifying profession
full of terrifying people and giving
them a gun and a badge and putting them
on 24-hour service I can actually
imagine a lot of ways in which that
would go horribly wrong there's no real
reason to assume that psychiatrists are
wonderful compassionate people there's
no reason to assume that members of your
own community are wonderful
compassionate people whereas hiring
someone from the next town 30 miles away
or a hundred miles away would somehow
result in a much worse police force
there could be wonderful compassionate
people in the next town too
there were a lot of really strange
self-evidently nonsensical assumptions
bundled up in this call for police
reform and community policing people
want something better but they can't
even articulate what that is and people
like the leaders of black lives matter
the BA and religious studies from UCLA
they can't even engage in the analysis
of precisely what is wrong with the
system you've already got tan tan tan
[Music]